Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Come here.
You know me?
Everyone knows you.
You know Young Jun?
Tell him it's time.
Go.
What's going on here?
Hey. how's it going?
You guys seem to
have wandered off
Long Zii territory.
It's okay.
We all get turned
around now and then.
I'd be happy to point you
in the right direction.
You're the one who's turned
around. motherfucker.
Wow. you escalated
that pretty fast.
Usually there's a
little more repartee.
a few zingers
before the hatchets
come out. you know?
Walk away. asshole.
We fought the ducks
together for one day.
Now Mai Ling thinks she
can just set up opium dens
in Hop Wei territory?
That's against the treaty.
And. you know.
basic common sense.
So take your molasses.
get the fuck out of here.
or I'll take it.
and then you'll have
to explain to Mai Ling
how you lost your opium
and got your asses kicked.
Huh.
Still gonna feed you that
hatchet in three seconds.
Listen to me. you dumb fuck...
- Two.
- I don't know what you think
- is gonna happen here.
- One.
It's not gonna end well.
- All right. let's go. boys!
- Yeah!
Let's go get 'em!
Now. boys. Let's go!
Come on.
Hey. how's it going?
You know there's a
door right there.
Shut up and help me up.
San Francisco police!
Stand down!
Hey!
Get up!
Police! Hold your
ground! Hold your ground!
Ah Sahm!
Don't move.
Put your hands
where I can see 'em.
It's not my hands you
have to worry about.
Yeah?
You think you can kick
faster than a 12-gauge?
They finally put this
place back together.
and you and the Long
Zii are out here
tearing it apart again.
You're the one coming in here
every day with an army of cops.
busting heads.
Because it's fucking chaos here.
Only since you cops started
cracking down in Chinatown.
Hey. I was here during that riot
trying to keep your people safe.
We don't need you
to keep us safe.
We need you to stay the
hell out of our business.
Tong business.
I mean every business
the cops have shut down
with these bullshit ordinances.
People are starving.
And how are your turf
wars gonna feed them?
Fuck's sake!
Get the fuck out of here.
Little shit.
Stone. no shooting!
We're pulling out.
- What are you talking about?
- Fight's over.
We're not here to
start it up again.
Come on! Let's fall back!
Fuck. Bill.
Something on your mind?
Ever since the chief kicked it.
you've had your eye
on his damn job.
And you're tying our fucking
hands behind our backs.
You sure you wanna speak
to the new chief that way?
You're not him yet.
And where is Mr. Greer? Hmm?
Hey. Greer!
Greer!
Mr. Greer.
So good to see you again.
- 100 for the lot?
- As agreed.
They look kinda old.
100. you get old.
200. you get new.
I say this. You choose 100.
I know what I chose.
I just wanna make
sure they work.
I test all myself.
Oh. yeah?
And I'm supposed to
take your word for it?
Hey.
"Hey" what?
Think anyone's gonna
miss one uppity Chinaman?
You got something to say?
One...
hundred...
dollar.
You're one ballsy Chinaman.
I'll give you that.
"One hundred dollar."
Now get the fuck out of here.
[in Cantonese]
These fucking bulls.
Suddenly you can't throw
a stick in Chinatown
without hitting one.
[in English] Used to be the
Chinatown squad was a joke.
Now they got half the police
force cracking skulls.
It's all politics.
Ducks are just trying to look
tough before the election.
Yeah. but why they
gotta shut down
all my favorite spots. though?
I finally find a
decent egg tart.
and bang. Mr. Gaoyuan
is gone. man.
Meanwhile. Mai Ling
breaks the treaty
and we can't even retaliate
because of all these damn bulls.
We're losing protection
money and we're losing guys.
Either we find a way to
dodge these ordinances
- or we're fucked.
- Yeah.
Young Jun.
I am. uh. honored.
And I am. uh. pissed off.
I'm only here because my men
have come up empty-handed
two weeks in a row.
I know. and I'm sorry.
but the bulls shut us down
twice in the last month.
These are tough
times for all of us.
But that doesn't
absolve us of our debts.
I'm happy to pay for
the protection. but...
I don't see that
we're protected now.
Do you really wanna
talk to me like that?
I don't have the
money to pay you.
I'm just telling you how it is.
Your father would've understood.
My father isn't
running things anymore.
I am.
So if I were you. I'd leave him
the fuck out of
this conversation.
If he could see you now...
This fucking onion.
Hey. let's...
Let's let Hong handle this. huh?
It's okay. You're the boss.
You shouldn't be
collecting anyway...
Boss.
You better watch the way
you fucking talk to me.
old man.
Handle it.
Young Jun. Hey. hey.
What the fuck was that?
What?
Getting in my way like that!
You were beating on an old man.
I was making a fucking point.
He disrespected me.
You want respect.
you're not gonna get it by
flying off the fucking handle.
Don't you ever challenge
me in public again.
It's getting
dangerous out there.
Fuck.
The bulls are coming
in larger numbers.
shutting down businesses.
damaging our property.
Our unity might be the
only weapon we have
against this enemy.
The Jiang Yao Tong
has always enjoyed
a friendship with the Long Zii.
But the truth is. the
more tongs there are.
the more we are divided.
And so as you asked
and under the terms
you stipulated.
the Jiang Yao Tong are honored
to become part of the Long Zii.
We pledge our blades. our blood.
and our souls to the Long
Zii and to its leader.
Mai Ling.
Kong Pak.
After leading a
tong for so long.
I'm sure this was
not an easy decision.
It wasn't.
But when you're given no choice.
the choice becomes clear.
Li Yong tells me you're
a great warrior...
And an honorable man.
I hope you will sit on my
council with the elders.
It would be my honor.
Well. then...
Welcome to the Long Zii.
I am Irish. Dublin-born.
And it pains me.
as I'm sure it does
everyone on this
council. to be unable
to hire Irish labor.
But with lumber prices
bleeding me dry.
I just don't have the margins.
If you don't have the
margins to pay a living wage.
you're doing something wrong.
It's a wage the
Chinese can live on.
A dog could live on it too.
but that doesn't make it right.
Mr. Leary. we've
been through this.
If you would simply
study the economics...
I understand the economics.
Well. then why don't
you explain them to me?
Because clearly. we're seeing
the numbers differently.
I'll give you a number.
25.000.
What's that?
That's how many chinks
there are in this city.
And not a single damn
one of them can vote.
Now...
do you happen to know
how many Irish there
are in San Francisco?
I have no idea.
Well. Mr. Buckley does.
He's got that special
election to win.
And I got 30.000 votes
he needs to do it.
How many votes do you have?
Mr. Leary. you've been on
this council long enough
to know we all want the
Chinese gone. but given...
But that won't stop you all
from making every
last buck you can
while they're still here.
If I could show you what I am
paying for steel and lumber...
So negotiate with
your suppliers!
You think I haven't?
It's all I do!
Enough.
We're going round in circles.
That's because no one
ever says anything new.
Welcome to
politics. Mr. Leary.
Now. I move to adjourn.
Seconded.
Fuck.
I've got seniority.
And Flannagan himself
recommended me for the position
before he passed.
So what's Mr. Buckley
waiting for?
He needs a police
chief. doesn't he?
I think he's just
sorting himself out.
He's focused on keeping
his own job right now.
He practically gave you
the keys to the city
when you arrested
that swordsman.
It will happen.
and when it does.
I will be out of
Chinatown for good.
I miss you.
I miss my family.
Please come home.
Get out of Chinatown.
and we can talk about it.
Molly. Michael. Cut
it out right now.
Some whiskey. Bill?
Thank you.
And how did that go?
Okay. I think.
And the chief job?
- Any day now.
- Excellent.
Well. you have a
wonderful family.
but it's a large one.
And I would love to get
these people out of my house.
Michael. stop doing
that to your sister.
Molly. look after your brother.
Headed back to Sonoma?
Just a weekend trip.
So is someone running the
place while you're gone.
or is it on the honor system?
Chao will keep an eye on things.
- Chao?
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah. and who is
keeping an eye on him?
Feels like you're gone more
than you're here these days.
Miss me?
Things are getting
worse out there.
I'm of no use to you right now.
How's the shoulder?
Mm. I'm starting to be
able to move it again.
How are things at the Hop Wei?
Not great.
And Young Jun?
Doesn't take a lot to
set him off these days.
Doing what I can to
keep him on point.
If Young Jun can't find
his way as a leader.
there's nothing you
can do about it.
Some things are beyond
even your control.
Yeah. maybe I should just
start leaving town with you.
There's plenty of
room in the carriage.
Mai Ling.
Mr. Buckley.
How goes the campaign?
Running for a position
I already have.
it's a tricky business.
You mean democracy.
Politics.
Glad-handing. Crowd-pleasing.
It's not in my nature.
I'm sure.
You know. if it helps.
an old Chinese
philosopher once said.
"No one is ever defeated
until defeat has been
accepted as reality."
Thank you. It doesn't.
You caused quite a
fracas the other day.
It was a misunderstanding.
You were making a move
into Hop Wei territory.
I'm keeping the
police off your back
as per our arrangement.
but expanding your operations
was never part of the agreement.
Then I'll change our agreement.
You offered me some
Chinese wisdom.
I will offer you some American.
Benjamin Franklin said.
"Necessity never
made a good bargain."
You might think you have
me at a disadvantage
with that incriminating
photograph.
but there's only so
far you can push me
before I decide your leverage
isn't worth the price.
No more moves.
No more violence of any kind
until after the election.
Understood.
Believe me.
the Long Zii greatly
value our relationship
with the mayor of San Francisco.
For your campaign.
If the glad-handing ever
gets to be too much.
just do what I do.
Imagine your knife
in their throat.
Here you go. boys.
We closed our tab.
This round's on me.
Charity?
It's just a round. Killy.
Wouldn't need your round
if we were working.
I thought the idea of you
joining the city council
was to get rid of the Chinese
and get us all working again.
What the fuck do
you think I'm doing?
You think I like
sitting 'round a table
with those fat fucks
talking down to me?
I can't just force
them to write new laws.
Listen.
It's like anything else. right?
You find the pressure points.
and then you dig your thumbs in.
These things take time.
Ooh. careful there.
You're even starting to
sound like a politician.
You're an asshole when
you're drunk. Killy.
And a cunt when I'm sober.
Whiskey. three glasses.
- Anything else?
- That's all.
What time is it?
Bedtime.
Earn your keep. baby.
Hey!
- You all right?
- I'm all right. I'm all right.
Hey! Come here.
Hey!
Get the fuck off me!
Hey. what are you
doing? He's robbing me!
It's nine drinks
between the two of you.
plus everything you broke.
He didn't pay for
his fucking drinks.
So take that up with him!
Now. I see you in here again.
I'ma hang you up like
Mama's wet washing.
What?
Just go.
- Asshole!
- My hero.
Just keeping the peace.
Richard?
Bad one?
Um. not... not too bad.
What the fuck is this?
Standard hatchet. bevel
blade. U.S. steel.
The Long Zii use these.
And you make it for them.
I didn't make this.
But you do deal with them.
- Hatchets?
- The Long Zii.
I deal with a lot of people.
Hmm.
You sit here drinking
like you're one of us.
but tomorrow. you might sell
the blade that kills me.
Or I might save your life.
Your father understood the value
of an independent contractor
with his ear to the streets.
My father valued
loyalty above all.
And so do I.
At some point. you're gonna
have to choose a side.
You know. Zing said the
exact same thing to me.
Ask for my help. and I
will happily give it.
But don't threaten me.
Doesn't work.
- Something up?
- I don't trust him.
It's Chao. You pay
and he delivers.
And that's what you trust.
Cause and effect. right?
It's very Buddhist.
You a Buddhist?
Fuck no.
Come on. boss.
You here to fuck with Chao
or to get some sticky?
Hey.
- What was that?
- Just the new boss flexing.
Think he's starting
to get paranoid.
This business about Mai Ling
being your sister
isn't helping matters.
I mean. what'd you
think would happen?
I just didn't figure
she would tell him.
It was a cold and reckless
and ultimately brilliant
move on her part.
Classic Mai Ling.
I think he's still
worried about it.
He should be.
Chao. I am loyal to the tong.
You crossed the
salt to find her.
And she ordered my death.
Family can be complicated.
- Look. if you ask me...
- I didn't.
I don't see you moving
against your own sister.
and neither does Young Jun.
You've gotta keep an eye on him.
He's not his father.
He goes off the wrong way.
he could bring down
the whole tong.
We might not have
to wait that long.
The bulls are bleeding us dry.
We don't have the chop
to pay for our molasses.
and now Happy Jack won't
release the product.
None of which reflects
well on the new boss.
I get it. Hmm.
I may be able to help.
Yeah?
I delivered some shooters
to these guys on the docks.
While I was there. I saw cash.
Piles of it.
We're not thieves. Chao.
Now is exactly the
wrong time to get proud.
Now is the time to adapt or die.
Sergeant O'Hara.
May I have a moment?
Of course. Mr. Mayor.
I know you've been
waiting for news
ever since Chief
Flannagan passed away.
and I appreciate your patience.
Of course. sir.
I know conventional wisdom has
you next in line for chief.
But based on a number of
extenuating factors...
I'm afraid I've had
to go another way.
Another way?
I expect you to be a
professional about this.
Sergeant O'Hara. meet
Colonel Benjamin Atwood.
our new chief of police.
Sergeant.
I'm sorry.
Who the hell is this?
Chief Atwood comes to
us from New York City.
where he was
extremely successful
in bringing to bear his
military experience.
as well as the law. to
clean up their Chinatown.
San Francisco is
nothing like New York.
No.
But the Chinese are the Chinese
everywhere. aren't they?
Mr. Gumm. why don't you show
the chief to his new office?
I'm sure he'd like to
get started right away.
That job was mine.
Only in your mind.
I'm facing an election.
and a significant
pillar of my platform
is bringing order to Chinatown.
And that riot left
our citizens shaken.
wondering how
vulnerable they are
to savage foreigners
living in their midst.
And I am the one who
brought order to that riot.
Maybe.
But I would argue that
the entire thing happened
because you failed to
transport a single prisoner...
The man who murdered
our mayor. I might add.
It's not as simple as
that. and you know it.
The voters don't want excuses.
They want results.
And Atwood gets results.
He will tear Chinatown apart
and put the fear of God
into those heathens.
He's an outsider.
These are my men.
You can't expect them
to just follow him.
He brought some of his
own men from New York.
The rest will take
their cues from you.
and if you can't
deliver those cues.
you can deliver me
your resignation
by the end of the day.
Sergeant.
I've been waiting for you.
I come as early as I can.
Oh!
[in Cantonese]
How are you. Lai?
Yes. I'll be staying
for a few days.
Mm!
Come inside.
You see black on wall?
This from fire.
You remember riot?
After the mayor die.
many fire.
Yes.
That was a horrible time.
But Chinese people work hard.
Build back their home. hmm?
It should never have happened.
Well. they did kill the mayor.
Frannie!
Very sad what happen
to your mayor.
Maybe a Chinese man kill him.
Maybe not.
There bad Chinese people
and maybe bad white
people too. no?
But most of us good.
right?
- Of course.
This way!
Please meet Mai Ling.
Very successful
businesswoman in Chinatown.
Oh. my.
She's really beautiful.
Thank you.
So are you.
Would you like to come
inside and have some tea?
I've just finished renovating.
and it's been ages since
I've had any guests.
You speak like an American.
When in Rome.
Please. Come in.
I was forced into marriage
with a very powerful warlord.
He was cruel to me.
And there was nowhere
in China I could run
where he wouldn't find me.
And so I started secretly
bringing weapons from his home
to the market and selling them.
He had so many.
Never missed them.
And eventually. I
had enough money
for a ticket to America.
My Lord.
What would he have done
if he had caught you?
He would have killed me.
Oh. but if I had stayed.
he would have eventually
killed me anyway.
Or I would have killed myself.
And now you have
men working for you.
I have to imagine there
were almost no opportunities
for a Chinese woman here.
It's really very impressive.
How did you do it?
Well. I just have
one rule. really.
But it's... it's served me well.
Be smarter.
Than whom?
Than the men.
Thank you for having
us in your home.
It was so inspiring
to hear your story.
We're having a small
reception in a few days.
Just some close friends.
But I think they would
love to hear your story.
And it would be such
a unique opportunity
for people to meet
a truly exceptional
Chinese woman
who has overcome so much.
You're inviting me to your home?
Yes.
And I insist you come.
The details are on the card.
Goodbye.
Chao did well.
That group was much
better than the last one.
Our new house is already
paying dividends.
You disapprove.
I just don't like the
way they look at you.
They are fascinated with us.
If I can gain their trust.
I can make them see us as
people to do business with.
Chinatown is getting smaller.
We need to expand beyond it.
Out in the pond. not
everyone hates us.
They'll never
treat us as equals.
No.
But the ducks are greedy.
And our money is as
good as anyone else's.
Does it still hurt?
Not so much.
I move fine. no?
Yes. you do.
By the way. I think I may
have found another property.
Just a few miles from here.
Another one?
We could help more girls.
Maybe I buy it with you.
If you want to. yes.
It's very nice here.
With you.
Yeah?
Well. maybe you should
consider staying longer.
Longer? How long?
Always.
Always?
Why not?
You're here so much
these days as it is.
Hmm. I have business
in Chinatown.
This is better business.
Maybe it's time to
think about a change.
Huh?
Maybe.
You're getting slow
in your old age.
You want some company?
You sure you're up for it?
I'm sure I'm not.
My ribs still remember
the last time you hit me.
Mm-hmm.
I have a better idea.
Look. you know if
I had the choice.
I would not have
joined the Long Zii.
But I have to say.
if nothing else.
it's nice to be your
brother in arms again.
It's been too long since
we fought on the same side.
I agree. brother.
Our friendship kept the peace
between our tongs
for many years.
Yes. it did.
If only you had a friend
like me in the Hop Wei.
The thing is. the Hop Wei
are less of a threat today
than they were yesterday.
Maybe.
But Ah Sahm is no
less dangerous.
Don't worry about Ah Sahm.
The beauty of no longer
being the head of a tong
is that I don't
worry about anything.
I leave that to you.
You know.
we all believed
you would take over
when Long Zii died.
Wasn't that your understanding
with the old man?
Mai Ling has done
more for the tong
than I ever could have.
I'm not a leader.
To Long Zii.
To the Long Zii.
Are you kidding me?
Just wanted you to know that
I'm still holding onto it.
In case. you know. you
ever wanna come back.
I could really use you.
what with this
new chief and all.
I thought you were supposed
to be the new chief.
I thought so too.
Mr. Buckley felt otherwise.
I'm sorry. Bill.
But I'm not coming back.
Now you sound like my wife.
She's still at her sister's?
The plan was. I
was gonna be chief
and out of Chinatown.
and she'd come home.
Now. I have no idea
how to get her back.
Bill.
It's bad enough
you drink for free.
If you start recruiting.
I'm gonna have to
break your legs.
Yes. ma'am.
Do I need to worry about you?
No more than usual.
Good.
That's a good woman
you've got there.
Sweet as stolen honey.
But she can ride
the rough string.
Right.
I assume that was
you agreeing with me.
I'll be seeing you.
She'll come back. Bill.
Just give her time.
That's what she said about you.
Turns out. you're both idiots.
What's this?
Those are your
new lumber prices.
I paid Sanderson a
visit last night.
What'd you do to him?
I negotiated.
And now you have the
margins to hire Irish labor.
He'll honor these numbers?
He will.
They don't completely
bridge the gap.
but they do give me
room to maneuver.
You understand your men will be
working alongside the Chinese.
Will they agree to that?
How many men?
15.
20.
Done.
Good evening.
What the fuck is this?
Watch out.
Watch out for
what. motherfucker?
Huh?
That.
Hey. you!
Oh.
Hey. asshole.
Think you're gonna rob us?
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait!
Oh. God!
You get what you pay for.
So where's this money?
- It was right here.
- Are you kidding me?
I don't see any money. Chao.
What the hell is this?
Something better.
The fuck are you talking about?
You know. my father always said.
the best way to make money...
is to make money.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm